:book: add migration guide from v2 to v3 (#1714)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/migration/v2vsv3.md

# Kubebuilder v2 vs v3

> This document cover all breaking changes when migrating from v2 to v3.

Reviewer: nit: *document covers*

Author: done 👍

# Kubebuilder v2 vs v3

This document cover all breaking changes when migrating from v2 to v3.

The details of all changes (breaking or otherwise) can be found in [kubebuilder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/releases) release notes.

## Kubebuilder

> - V1 projects was deprecated and is no longer supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- V1 projects were deprecated and are no longer supported.
```

> - The deprecated args related to go modules such as `--dep` and `depArgs` were removed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The deprecated args related to Go modules such as `--dep` and `depArgs` were removed
```

> - The plugin design was introduced to the project. For more info see the [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins][plugins-phase1-design-doc] doc.    

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A plugin design was introduced to the project. For more info see the [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins][plugins-phase1-design-doc].    
```

# Kubebuilder v2 vs v3

This document cover all breaking changes when migrating from v2 to v3.

The details of all changes (breaking or otherwise) can be found in [kubebuilder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/releases) release notes.

## Kubebuilder

> - V1 projects were deprecated and are no longer supported.
> - The deprecated args related to Go modules such as `--dep` and `depArgs` were removed

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
This is not part of the v2->v3 migration, they are already deprecated in v2, so I would not mention it here.

Author: I think it is fair enough 👍
